Revamping and completing stdlib docs (#176)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-log.md

# log

> The `log` library contains function for printing values to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `log` library contains functions for printing values to the
```

> The `log` library contains functions for printing values to the
> standard output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `log` library contains functions for printing values to stdout.
```
